feat(documentation-v7): migrate the button component stories (#1706)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation-v7/src/stories/components/button/button.docs.mdx

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/blocks';
import LinkTo from '@storybook/addon-links/react';
import * as ButtonStories from './button.stories';

<Meta of={ButtonStories} />

# Button

<p className="lead">
  Use our custom button styles for actions in forms, dialogs, and more with support for multiple
  sizes, states, and more.
</p>

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.Default} />
<div className="hide-col-default">
  <Controls of={ButtonStories.Default} />
</div>

## SCSS Imports

To import all styles from the design-system-styles package:

> ```scss dark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```scss
```

@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/index.scss';
```

To import only the styles required for this component:

```scss dark
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/basics.scss';
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/components/button.scss';

// required if you use icons
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/components/icons.scss';
```

## Concrete Examples of Application

The following examples show the different characteristics of the component. These can differ in the type of visualization, the html structure, as well as when, how and why they are displayed.

### Inverted

> Inverted buttons don't need special classes anymore, just use any of the <LinkTo kind="foundations-color">background classes</LinkTo> to set the background and you're done for the day.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inverted buttons don't need special classes anymore, just use any of the <LinkTo kind="utilities-background" story="docs">background classes</LinkTo> to set the background and you're done for the day.
```
